turning Rubble into Revival people in
arafa coming together to restore this
destroyed mosque as a Sacred Space for
worship Israeli Air Raids last month
left alhuda mosque in Ruins but the
community Spirit couldn't be
[Music]
crushed this mosque was built in 1952 it
is one of the few grand central mosques
in Rafa it is also one of the largest
Moses in the area throughout its long
history praise have never ceased in this
mosque it was targeted by the Israelis
at night and without a
warning officials say more than 1,000
mosques in Gaza have been demolished
since October 7 with 60% of gaza's
heritage site suffering extensive damage
too despite the destruction Palestinian
Muslims decided to continue to
congregate as usual and practice their
faith residents volunte here to create
this small space for worshippers to pray
it's meant to maintain our rituals we
hope this war will come to an end and
that this mosque will be restored it is
the central mosque where worshippers
from many surrounding areas flock to
offer their
prayers the mosque once featured a
library and praying area big enough to
accommodate more than
1,500 worshippers now prayers are in a
reduced space Friday prayers have been
drawing crowds of worshippers who say
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan will be
no
exception where adamant to keep the call
for prayers out loud we clean this
narrow space out of the mosque's entire
area by the grace of God to continue to
offer our prayers the weekly Friday
praise was offered here and worshippers
were lining on and around the
surrounding rubbles we will continue to
offer praise even on the roads and on
the
ruins despite the impact the war has
left on gaza's historic sites people say
the Israeli bombings have not dimed
their hope to rebuild a stronger and
United Community Axel zovich Al jazer